[IMP] inventory: add visibility days section (#7793)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/product_replenishment/reordering_rules.rst

is triggered. If a product uses the *Manufacture* route, then a Manufacturing Order (MO) is created
instead. This is the case regardless of the selected replenishment route.

.. seealso::
   - `Odoo Tutorials: Automatic Reordering Rules <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEJZrCjoXaU>`_
   - `Odoo Tutorials: Manual Reordering Rules <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deIREJ1FFj4>`_

Configure products for reordering rules
=======================================

In order to use reordering rules for a product, it must first be correctly configured. Begin by
navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products`, then select an existing
product, or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`.

> First, on the :guilabel:`General Information` tab, make sure that the :guilabel:`Product Type` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the product form, under the :guilabel:`General Information` tab, make sure the :guilabel:`Product Type` is
```

.. tip::
   Reordering rules can also be created from each product form. To do so, navigate to

>    :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products`, then select a product. Click the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products`, and select a product. Then, click the
```

>    :guilabel:`Reordering Rules` smart button, then :guilabel:`New` to fill out the new line as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Reordering Rules` smart button, and click :guilabel:`New` to fill out the new line, as
```

   detailed above.

For advanced usage of reordering rules, learn about the following reordering rule fields:

#. :ref:`route <inventory/product_management/route>`
#. :ref:`trigger <inventory/product_management/trigger>`
#. :ref:`visibility days <inventory/product_management/visibility-days>`

.. _inventory/product_management/trigger:

Trigger
=======

When stock falls below the reordering rule's minimum, set the reordering rule's *trigger* to
*automatic* to automatically create purchase or manufacturing orders to replenish stock.

On the other hand, setting the reordering rule's trigger to *manual* displays the product and

> forecasted stock on the *replenishment dashboard*, where the procurement manager an review the stock

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
forecasted stock on the *replenishment dashboard*, where the procurement manager can review the stock
```

levels, lead times, and forecasted dates of arrival.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`strategies`

.. tip::
   The replenishment dashboard is accessed by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations
   --> Replenishment`.

To enable the :guilabel:`Trigger` field, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->

> Reordering Rules`. Then, click the :guilabel:`(slider)` icon and enable the :guilabel:`Trigger`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reordering Rules`. Then, click the :guilabel:`(slider)` icon, and enable the :guilabel:`Trigger`
```

option from the additional options drop-down menu.

.. image:: reordering_rules/enable-trigger.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Enable the Trigger field by toggling it in the additional option menu

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: Enable the Trigger field by toggling it in the additional options menu
```
Nitpicky I know haha

Author: Thanks for catching this! I'd call this discerning, not nitpicky (:

In the :guilabel:`Trigger` column, select :guilabel:`Auto` or :guilabel:`Manual`. Refer to the
sections below to learn about the different types of reordering rules.

Auto
----

Automatic reordering rules, configured by setting the reordering rule's :guilabel:`Trigger` field to
:guilabel:`Auto`, generates purchase or manufacturing orders when:

#. the scheduler runs and the **on-hand quantity** is below the minimum
#. a sales order is confirmed and lowers the **forecasted quantity** of the product below the
   minimum

.. tip::
   The scheduler is set to run once a day by default.

   To manually trigger a reordering rule before the scheduler runs, ensure :ref:`developer mode

>    <developer-mode>` is enabled and select :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   <developer-mode>` is enabled, and select :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Run
```

>    Scheduler`. Then, select the purple :guilabel:`Run Scheduler` button on the pop-up that appears.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Scheduler`. Then, click the purple :guilabel:`Run Scheduler` button on the pop-up that appears.
```

   Be aware that this also triggers any other scheduled actions.

.. example::
   The product `Office Lamp` has an automatic reordering rule set to trigger when the forecasted
   quantity falls below the :guilabel:`Min Quantity` of `5.00`. Since the current forecasted
   quantity is `55.00`, the reordering rule will not be triggered.

   .. image:: reordering_rules/auto.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show automatic reordering rule from the Reordering Rule page.

If the :guilabel:`Buy` route is selected, then an :abbr:`RFQ (Request for Quotation)` is generated.
To view and manage :abbr:`RFQs (Requests for Quotation)`, navigate to :menuselection:`Purchase app
--> Orders --> Requests for Quotation`.

If the :guilabel:`Manufacture` route is selected, then an :abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)` is
generated. To view and manage :abbr:`MOs (Manufacturing Orders)`, navigate to
:menuselection:`Manufacturing app --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`.

> When no route is selected, Odoo selects :guilabel:`Route` specified in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When no route is selected, Odoo selects the :guilabel:`Route` specified in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab
```

of the product form.

.. _inventory/product_management/manual-rr:

Manual
------

Manual reordering rules, configured by setting the reordering rule's :guilabel:`Trigger` field to

> :guilabel:`Manual`, list a product on the replenishment dashboard when the forecasted quantity falls

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Manual`, lists a product on the replenishment dashboard when the forecasted quantity falls
```

below a specified minimum. Products on this dashboard are called *needs*, because they are needed to

> fulfill upcoming sales orders, but there is not enough forecasted quantities to do so.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fulfill upcoming sales orders, but there is not enough forecasted quantity to do so.
```

The replenishment dashboard, accessible by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Operations --> Replenishment`, considers sales order deadlines, forecasted stock levels, and vendor

> lead times and displays needs **only** when it is time to initiate replenish stock.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
lead times, and displays needs **only** when it is time to initiate stock replenishment.
```
Does that still make sense? Sounds a little better to me

.. note::

>    If the one-day window to ordering products is too short, skip to the :ref:`visibility days

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If the one-day window for ordering products is too short, skip to the :ref:`visibility days
```

   twentieth, and the *delivery date* on a sales order (in the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab) is March
   third — twelve days from today.

   The :ref:`vendor lead time <inventory/management/purchase-lt>` is four days and the
   :ref:`purchase security lead time <inventory/management/purchase-security-lt>` is one day. When
   the :guilabel:`Visibility Days` field of the reordering rule is set to zero, the `Small Shelf`
   appears on the replenishment dashboard five days before the delivery date, which is **February
   twenty-seventh**.

   .. image:: reordering_rules/need-dates.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Graphic representing when the need appears on the replenishment dashboard: Feb 27th.

   To see the product on the replenishment dashboard today, on February twentieth, set the
   :guilabel:`Visibility Days` to `7.00`.

To determine the amount of visibility days needed to see a product on the replenishment dashboard,
subtract **today's date** from the **date the need appears** on the replenishment dashboard.

.. math::

   Visibility~days = Need~appears~date - Today's~date

.. example::

>    Referring to the example above, today's date is February twentieth and the need for the `Small

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Referring to the example above, today's date is February twentieth, and the need for the `Small
```

   Shelf` appears on **February twenty-seventh**.

   February 27 - February 20 = 7 days

   Incorrectly setting the :guilabel:`Visibility Days` fewer than seven days in this case results in
   the need **not** appearing on the replenishment dashboard.

   .. image:: reordering_rules/visibility-days.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show the replenishment dashboard with the correct and incorrect visibility days set.

.. _inventory/product_management/route:

Route
=====

Odoo allows for multiple routes to be selected under the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab on each product
form. For instance, it is possible to select both :guilabel:`Buy` and :guilabel:`Manufacture`, thus
enabling the functionality of both routes.

Odoo also enables users to set a preferred route for a product's reordering rule. This is the route
that the rule defaults to if multiple are selected. To select a preferred route, begin by navigating
to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Reordering Rules`.

By default, the :guilabel:`Route` column is hidden on the :guilabel:`Reordering Rules` page. Enable

> it by selecting the :guilabel:`(slider)` icon on the right side of the page and checking the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it by selecting the :guilabel:`(slider)` icon on the right side of the page, and checking the
```

.. tip::
   Reordering rules can also be created from each product form. To do so, navigate to
   :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products`, and select a product. Then, click the
   :guilabel:`Reordering Rules` smart button, and click :guilabel:`New` to fill out the new line, as
   detailed above.

For advanced usage of reordering rules, learn about the following reordering rule fields:

> #. :ref:`route <inventory/product_management/route>`
> #. :ref:`trigger <inventory/product_management/trigger>`
> #. :ref:`visibility days <inventory/product_management/visibility-days>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. :ref:`Route <inventory/product_management/route>`
#. :ref:`Trigger <inventory/product_management/trigger>`
#. :ref:`Visibility Days <inventory/product_management/visibility-days>`
```

.. _inventory/product_management/trigger:

Trigger
=======

When stock falls below the reordering rule's minimum, set the reordering rule's *trigger* to
*automatic* to automatically create purchase or manufacturing orders to replenish stock.

On the other hand, setting the reordering rule's trigger to *manual* displays the product and
forecasted stock on the *replenishment dashboard*, where the procurement manager can review the
stock levels, lead times, and forecasted dates of arrival.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`strategies`

.. tip::

>    The replenishment dashboard is accessed by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The replenishment dashboard is accessible by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations
```

   --> Replenishment`.

To enable the :guilabel:`Trigger` field, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
Reordering Rules`. Then, click the :guilabel:`(slider)` icon, and enable the :guilabel:`Trigger`
option from the additional options drop-down menu.

.. image:: reordering_rules/enable-trigger.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable the Trigger field by toggling it in the additional options menu

In the :guilabel:`Trigger` column, select :guilabel:`Auto` or :guilabel:`Manual`. Refer to the
sections below to learn about the different types of reordering rules.

Auto
----

Automatic reordering rules, configured by setting the reordering rule's :guilabel:`Trigger` field to
:guilabel:`Auto`, generates purchase or manufacturing orders when:

> #. the scheduler runs and the **on-hand quantity** is below the minimum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. the scheduler runs, and the *On Hand* quantity is below the minimum
```
i believe we'd use the italics here, instead of double-asterisks, because it's alluded to and not shown...
I based this off the way the smart buttons on a product form appear

#. a sales order is confirmed and lowers the **forecasted quantity** of the product below the
   minimum

.. tip::
   The scheduler is set to run once a day by default.

   To manually trigger a reordering rule before the scheduler runs, ensure :ref:`developer mode
   <developer-mode>` is enabled, and select :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Run

>    Scheduler`. Then, click the purple :guilabel:`Run Scheduler` button on the pop-up that appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Scheduler`. Then, click the purple :guilabel:`Run Scheduler` button on the pop-up window that appears.
```

>    Be aware that this also triggers any other scheduled actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   
   Be aware that this also triggers any other scheduled actions.
```
just to separate this a bit, so the reader can clearly see they need to be wary of this.

.. example::

>    The product `Office Lamp` has an automatic reordering rule set to trigger when the forecasted
>    quantity falls below the :guilabel:`Min Quantity` of `5.00`. Since the current forecasted
>    quantity is `55.00`, the reordering rule will not be triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The product :guilabel:`Office Lamp` has an automatic reordering rule set to trigger when the
   forecasted quantity falls below the :guilabel:`Min Quantity` of `5.00`. Since the current
   :guilabel:`Forecast` is `55.00`, the reordering rule is **not** be triggered.
```

Author: Since Office Lamp is a sample product, I wouldn't put a guilabel here. However, I agree with you that it's better to put guilabels around the Forecast smart button.

.. note::
   If the one-day window for ordering products is too short, skip to the :ref:`visibility days
   <inventory/product_management/visibility-days>` section to make the need appear on the
   replenishment dashboard a specified number of days in advance.

When a product appears on the replenishment dashboard, clicking the :guilabel:`Order Once` button
generates the purchase or manufacturing order with the specified amounts :guilabel:`To Order`.

.. image:: reordering_rules/manual.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Click the Order Once button on the replenishment dashboard to replenish stock.

.. _inventory/product_management/visibility-days:

Visibility days
===============

.. note::
   Ensure :doc:`lead times <../../shipping_receiving/advanced_operations_shipping/scheduled_dates>`
   are understood before proceeding with this section.

When :ref:`manual reordering rules <inventory/product_management/manual-rr>` are assigned to a
product, *visibility days* make the product appear on the replenishment dashboard
(:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Replenishment`) a certain number of days in
advance.

.. example::

>    The `Small Shelf` has a manual reordering rule set to trigger when the stock level falls below
>    four units. The current on-hand quantity is ten units.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A product has a manual reordering rule set to trigger when the stock level falls below four
   units. The current on-hand quantity is ten units.
```
not sure if product specificity is necessary in this example.

>    Today's date is February twentieth, and the *delivery date* on a sales order (in the
>    :guilabel:`Other Info` tab) is March third — twelve days from today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The current date is February twentieth, and the *delivery date* on a sales order (in the
   :guilabel:`Other Info` tab) is March third — twelve days from the current date.
```

>    The :ref:`vendor lead time <inventory/management/purchase-lt>` is four days and the
>    :ref:`purchase security lead time <inventory/management/purchase-security-lt>` is one day. When
>    the :guilabel:`Visibility Days` field of the reordering rule is set to zero, the `Small Shelf`
>    appears on the replenishment dashboard five days before the delivery date, which is **February
>    twenty-seventh**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :ref:`vendor lead time <inventory/management/purchase-lt>` is four days, and the
   :ref:`purchase security lead time <inventory/management/purchase-security-lt>` is one day.
   
   When the :guilabel:`Visibility Days` field of the reordering rule is set to zero, the product
   appears on the replenishment dashboard five days before the delivery date, which, in this case,
   is February twenty-seventh.
```

   .. image:: reordering_rules/need-dates.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Graphic representing when the need appears on the replenishment dashboard: Feb 27th.

>    To see the product on the replenishment dashboard today, on February twentieth, set the
>    :guilabel:`Visibility Days` to `7.00`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To see the product on the replenishment dashboard for the current date, February twentieth, set
   the :guilabel:`Visibility Days` to `7.00`.
```

To determine the amount of visibility days needed to see a product on the replenishment dashboard,
subtract **today's date** from the **date the need appears** on the replenishment dashboard.

.. math::

   Visibility~days = Need~appears~date - Today's~date

.. example::

>    Referring to the example above, today's date is February twentieth, and the need for the `Small
>    Shelf` appears on **February twenty-seventh**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Referring to the example above, today's date is February twentieth, and the need for the product
   appears on February twenty-seventh.
```

>    February 27 - February 20 = 7 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (February 27 - February 20 = 7 days)
```

   Incorrectly setting the :guilabel:`Visibility Days` fewer than seven days in this case results in
   the need **not** appearing on the replenishment dashboard.

   .. image:: reordering_rules/visibility-days.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show the replenishment dashboard with the correct and incorrect visibility days set.

.. _inventory/product_management/route:

Route
=====

Odoo allows for multiple routes to be selected under the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab on each product
form. For instance, it is possible to select both :guilabel:`Buy` and :guilabel:`Manufacture`, thus
enabling the functionality of both routes.

Odoo also enables users to set a preferred route for a product's reordering rule. This is the route

> that the rule defaults to if multiple are selected. To select a preferred route, begin by navigating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the rule defaults to, if multiple are selected. To select a preferred route, begin by navigating
```

to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Reordering Rules`.

By default, the :guilabel:`Route` column is hidden on the :guilabel:`Reordering Rules` page.

> Reveal the :guilabel:`Route` column by selecting the :guilabel:`(slider)` icon on the far-right, and
> checking the :guilabel:`Route` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reveal the :guilabel:`Route` column by selecting the :guilabel:`(slider)` icon to the far-right of
the column titles, and checking the :guilabel:`Route` option from the drop-down menu that appears.
```

> Click inside of the column on the row of a reordering rule and a drop-down menu shows all available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click inside of the column on the row of a reordering rule, and a drop-down menu shows all available
```

.. tip::
   Reordering rules can also be created from each product form. To do so, navigate to
   :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products`, and select a product. Then, click the
   :guilabel:`Reordering Rules` smart button, and click :guilabel:`New` to fill out the new line, as
   detailed above.

For advanced usage of reordering rules, learn about the following reordering rule fields:

#. :ref:`Route <inventory/product_management/route>`
#. :ref:`Trigger <inventory/product_management/trigger>`

> #. :ref:`Visibility days <inventory/product_management/visibility-days>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. :ref:`Visibility Days <inventory/product_management/visibility-days>`
```

> #. :ref:`Route <inventory/product_management/route>`
> #. :ref:`Trigger <inventory/product_management/trigger>`
> #. :ref:`Visibility Days <inventory/product_management/visibility-days>`

Reviewer 3: - bullet list here since order doesn't matter
- remove capital letters for words that are not proper nouns
- order the anchors in order of how the content appears

```suggestion
- :ref:`Trigger <inventory/product_management/trigger>`
- :ref:`Visibility days <inventory/product_management/visibility-days>`
- :ref:`Route <inventory/product_management/route>`
```

.. _inventory/product_management/trigger:

Trigger
=======

When stock falls below the reordering rule's minimum, set the reordering rule's *trigger* to
*automatic* to automatically create purchase or manufacturing orders to replenish stock.

> On the other hand, setting the reordering rule's trigger to *manual* displays the product and

Reviewer 3: no idioms
```suggestion
Alternatively, setting the reordering rule's trigger to *manual* displays the product and
```

appears.

.. image:: reordering_rules/enable-trigger.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable the Trigger field by toggling it in the additional options menu

In the :guilabel:`Trigger` column, select :guilabel:`Auto` or :guilabel:`Manual`. Refer to the
sections below to learn about the different types of reordering rules.

Auto
----

Automatic reordering rules, configured by setting the reordering rule's :guilabel:`Trigger` field to
:guilabel:`Auto`, generates purchase or manufacturing orders when:

#. the scheduler runs, and the *On Hand* quantity is below the minimum
#. a sales order is confirmed, and lowers the *Forecasted* quantity of the product below the
   minimum

.. tip::
   The scheduler is set to run once a day, by default.

   To manually trigger a reordering rule before the scheduler runs, ensure :ref:`developer mode
   <developer-mode>` is enabled, and select :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Run
   Scheduler`. Then, click the purple :guilabel:`Run Scheduler` button on the pop-up window that
   appears.

   Be aware that this also triggers any other scheduled actions.

.. example::

>    The product `Office Lamp` has an automatic reordering rule set to trigger when the forecasted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The product, `Office Lamp`, has an automatic reordering rule set to trigger when the forecasted
```

   quantity falls below the :guilabel:`Min Quantity` of `5.00`. Since the current

>    :guilabel:`Forecast` is `55.00`, the reordering rule is **not** be triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Forecast` is `55.00`, the reordering rule is **not** triggered.
```

falls below a specified minimum. Products on this dashboard are called *needs*, because they are
needed to fulfill upcoming sales orders, but the forecasted quantity is not enough.

The replenishment dashboard, accessible by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Operations --> Replenishment`, considers sales order deadlines, forecasted stock levels, and vendor
lead times. It displays needs **only** when it is time to reorder items.

.. note::
   If the one-day window for ordering products is too short, skip to the :ref:`visibility days
   <inventory/product_management/visibility-days>` section to make the need appear on the
   replenishment dashboard a specified number of days in advance.

When a product appears on the replenishment dashboard, clicking the :guilabel:`Order Once` button
generates the purchase or manufacturing order with the specified amounts :guilabel:`To Order`.

.. image:: reordering_rules/manual.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Click the Order Once button on the replenishment dashboard to replenish stock.

.. _inventory/product_management/visibility-days:

Visibility days
===============

> .. note::

Reviewer 3: would add more priority for this admonition
```suggestion
.. important::
```

   Ensure :doc:`lead times <../../shipping_receiving/advanced_operations_shipping/scheduled_dates>`
   are understood before proceeding with this section.

When :ref:`manual reordering rules <inventory/product_management/manual-rr>` are assigned to a
product, *visibility days* make the product appear on the replenishment dashboard
(:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Replenishment`) a certain number of days in
advance.

.. example::
   A product has a manual reordering rule set to trigger when the stock level falls below four
   units. The current on-hand quantity is ten units.

>    The current date is February twentieth, and the *delivery date* on a sales order (in the
>    :guilabel:`Other Info` tab) is March third — twelve days from the current date.

Reviewer 3: we can use numbers here; it's more common to write out numbers if they're below 10.
```suggestion
   The current date is February 20th, and the *delivery date* on a sales order (in the
   :guilabel:`Other Info` tab) is March 3rd — twelve days from the current date.
```

   The :ref:`vendor lead time <inventory/management/purchase-lt>` is four days, and the
   :ref:`purchase security lead time <inventory/management/purchase-security-lt>` is one day.

   When the :guilabel:`Visibility Days` field of the reordering rule is set to zero, the product
   appears on the replenishment dashboard five days before the delivery date, which, in this case,
   is February twenty-seventh.

   .. image:: reordering_rules/need-dates.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Graphic representing when the need appears on the replenishment dashboard: Feb 27th.

   To see the product on the replenishment dashboard for the current date, February twentieth, set
   the :guilabel:`Visibility Days` to `7.00`.

To determine the amount of visibility days needed to see a product on the replenishment dashboard,

> subtract **today's date** from the **date the need appears** on the replenishment dashboard.

Reviewer: I fully see the value of bolding these elements in the sentence to help illustrate the subtraction that needs to take place, but I'm curious if the same could be accomplished with a couple of "format/style guide-friendly" asterisks. Not a requirement, just a suggestion. Totally your call.
